Grad school and especially college isn't really for everyone, you have
to have a certain type of determination to be successful, and if you're
going to go to college, I suggest you try to be successful. You
don't wanna go there and you know not do your homework, be late for
class, waste all of that money, and then not have a normal job, you
know. Do school for three years and then drop out, that's one of the
worst things that you can do. Even though it is a good experience
for you, you meet different people, you get to explore the world possibly
with education abroad, you get to be in some really interesting
classes with some really smart people. In the bigger picture you always
wanna be doing something that's promoting you to like a final
goal. So I think that if you're not determined, and you know that homework
isn't really your route, and especially if you don't want to
do research, if you're planning on going to grad school then probably
you should probably get out there and do some vocational stuff, have
a real job first and then come back when you're ready.